# CS305
Artemis financial was the client I worked with for each project in this class. Artemis financial is a consulting company that provides unique and individual financial plans. They are hoping to utilize our services to examine their software, idetify any potential/existing vulnerabilites and create a security plan for them. I believe I outlined and articulated the vulnerabilites that existed so that it was easily understandable for the client. It is important to code securely so that customers know their information is safe, and that companies can avoid a major data leak event. Software security is vital to any company so that they can maintain a handle on the information they hold and the services they provide in a secure manner. Having secure software allows to build trust with your client and from there can help grow you business. Creating the self signed certificate was really challenging and I'm still not 100% sure I did it all correctly. I could never get my browser to trust my certificate, and I was unable to find a resource to aid me in solving this issue. I mostly found a lot of people having the same problem. I did like the use of the OWASP vulnerability check, and all of the links and resources it provided. These were helpful in determining fixes and finding false positives. Testing the code as I went and running multiple vulnerability checks was how I continued to confirm that the code was functioning and secure. It is important that as you go you are not introducing new vulnerabilites. I think future employers would be interested to see my write up and explanations of the dependencies and mitigation methods. These reports reflect that I am well spoken and able to explain complex concepts at a more easily understandable level. 
